194 Viewership (#204)
livepeer/livepeer-studio-docs: docs/04-guides/get-viewer-engagement/_tabs.mdx

import TabbedPages from "@site/src/components/TabbedPages";

<head>
  <title>Get viewer engagement | Livepeer Studio Docs</title>
  <meta
    property="og:title"
    content="Get viewer engagement | Livepeer Studio Docs"
  />
</head>

# Get viewer engagement

This guide provides information about adding and retrieving viewership to a video using
the [dashboard](./dashboard) or the [Livepeer player API](./api).

## Caveats

The viewership API is still in development. Currently, we only support start views,

> views when you open or start watching an asset. In the future, we'll support additional viewership and engagement metrics so you can understand your user's experience.  

Reviewer: @ichung08 I committed this change directly, not sure if I'm supposed to do that 🙃 removed mention of "total views" being added later.

import TabbedPages from "@site/src/components/TabbedPages";

<head>
  <title>Get viewer engagement | Livepeer Studio Docs</title>
  <meta
    property="og:title"
    content="Get viewer engagement | Livepeer Studio Docs"
  />
</head>

# Get viewer engagement

This guide provides information about registering and retrieving views from a video using
the [dashboard](./dashboard) or the [Livepeer player API](./api).

## Register views

> To display viewership data, you need to configure your player first.
> We recommend using the [Livepeer player](https://livepeerjs.org/) as the player
> is already configured. You can follow this [guide](guides/playback-a-video-stream) to
> setup the Livepeer player.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion is mssing a link to the support email like we have in other docs and formatting to break lines properly:
```suggestion
To display viewership data, you need to configure your player first.
Currently the viewership data is only registered if you're using the [Livepeer player](https://livepeerjs.org/). It also comes fully configured for the best playback experience
with Livepeer, so it's the recommended way to get started. You can follow this [guide](guides/playback-a-video-stream) to
setup the Livepeer player.

We are currently working on support for viewership data using custom players as well.
If you have any urgent help with this get in touch with our customer support
anyway and we may be able to assist you.
```
